#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
altair==5.4.1
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
branca==0.8.0
    # via
    #   folium
    #   streamlit-folium
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   rasterio
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
earthengine-api==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.4
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via torch
folium==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-folium
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via torch
geojson==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
geopandas==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.22.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.151.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via earthengine-api
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-generativeai==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.67.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-folium
    #   torch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
narwhals==1.13.1
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   folium
    #   geopandas
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   geopandas
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pyogrio
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   streamlit
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==18.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyogrio==0.10.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.0
    # via geopandas
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via uvicorn
rasterio==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   earthengine-api
    #   folium
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   streamlit
rich==13.9.4
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.20.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.41.2
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.39.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-folium
streamlit-folium==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via google-generativeai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
xyzservices==2024.9.0
    # via folium

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
